Remove en-us from URLs (#12452)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/resources/metrics.md

For further details on binary classification metrics read the following articles:

- [Accuracy, Precision, Recall or F1?](https://towardsdatascience.com/accuracy-precision-recall-or-f1-331fb37c5cb9)
- [Binary Classification Metrics class](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.ml.data.binaryclassificationmetrics?view=ml-dotnet)
- [The Relationship Between Precision-Recall and ROC Curves](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~jdavis/davisgoadrichcamera2.pdf)

## Metrics for Multi-class Classification

| Metrics   |      Description      |  Look for |
|-----------|-----------------------|-----------|

> | **Micro-Accuracy** |  [Micro-average Accuracy](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.ml.data.multiclassclassificationmetrics.microaccuracy?view=ml-dotnet) aggregates the contributions of all classes to compute the average metric. It is the fraction of instances predicted correctly. The micro-average does not take class membership into account. Basically, every sample-class pair contributes equally to the accuracy metric. | **The closer to 1.00, the better**. In a multi-class classification task, micro-accuracy is preferable over macro-accuracy if you suspect there might be class imbalance (i.e you may have many more examples of one class than of other classes).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Micro-Accuracy** |  [Micro-average Accuracy](xref:Microsoft.ML.Data.MulticlassClassificationMetrics.MicroAccuracy) aggregates the contributions of all classes to compute the average metric. It is the fraction of instances predicted correctly. The micro-average does not take class membership into account. Basically, every sample-class pair contributes equally to the accuracy metric. | **The closer to 1.00, the better**. In a multi-class classification task, micro-accuracy is preferable over macro-accuracy if you suspect there might be class imbalance (i.e you may have many more examples of one class than of other classes).|
```

> | **Macro-Accuracy** | [Macro-average Accuracy](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.ml.data.multiclassclassificationmetrics.macroaccuracy?view=ml-dotnet) is the average accuracy at the class level. The accuracy for each class is computed and the macro-accuracy is the average of these accuracies. Basically, every class contributes equally to the accuracy metric. Minority classes are given equal weight as the larger classes. The macro-average metric gives the same weight to each class, no matter how many instances from that class the dataset contains. |  **The closer to 1.00, the better**.  It computes the metric independently for each class and then takes the average (hence treating all classes equally) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Macro-Accuracy** | [Macro-average Accuracy](xref:Microsoft.ML.Data.MulticlassClassificationMetrics.MacroAccuracy) is the average accuracy at the class level. The accuracy for each class is computed and the macro-accuracy is the average of these accuracies. Basically, every class contributes equally to the accuracy metric. Minority classes are given equal weight as the larger classes. The macro-average metric gives the same weight to each class, no matter how many instances from that class the dataset contains. |  **The closer to 1.00, the better**.  It computes the metric independently for each class and then takes the average (hence treating all classes equally) |
```

| **Log-loss**| [Logarithmic loss](http://wiki.fast.ai/index.php/Log_Loss) measures the performance of a classification model where the prediction input is a probability value between 0.00 and 1.00. Log-loss increases as the predicted probability diverges from the actual label. | **The closer to 0.00, the better**. A perfect model would have a log-loss of 0.00. The goal of our machine learning models is to minimize this value.|

> | **Log-Loss Reduction** | [Logarithmic loss reduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.ml.data.multiclassclassificationmetrics.loglossreduction?view=ml-dotnet) can be interpreted as the advantage of the classifier over a random prediction.| **Ranges from -inf and 1.00, where 1.00 is perfect predictions and 0.00 indicates mean predictions**. For example, if the value equals 0.20, it can be interpreted as "the probability of a correct prediction is 20% better than random guessing"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Log-Loss Reduction** | [Logarithmic loss reduction](xref:Microsoft.ML.Data.MulticlassClassificationMetrics.LogLossReduction) can be interpreted as the advantage of the classifier over a random prediction.| **Ranges from -inf and 1.00, where 1.00 is perfect predictions and 0.00 indicates mean predictions**. For example, if the value equals 0.20, it can be interpreted as "the probability of a correct prediction is 20% better than random guessing"|
```

| **Absolute-loss** |  [Absolute-loss](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mean_absolute_error) or *Mean absolute error (MAE)* measures how close the predictions are to the actual outcomes. It is the average of all the model errors, where model error is the absolute distance between the predicted label value and the correct label value. This prediction error is calculated for each record of the test data set. Finally, the mean value is calculated for all recorded absolute errors.| **The closer to 0.00, the better quality.** Note that the mean absolute error uses the same scale as the data being measured (is not normalized to specific range). Absolute-loss, Squared-loss, and RMS-loss can only be used to make comparisons between models for the same dataset or dataset with a smilar label value distribution. |

> | **Squared-loss** |  [Squared-loss](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mean_squared_error) or *Mean Squared Error (MSE)*, also called or *Mean Squared Deviation (MSD)* tells you how close a regression line is to a set of test data values. It does this by taking the distances from the points to the regression line (these distances are the “errors E and squaring them. The squaring gives more weight to larger differences. | It is always non-negative, and **values closer to 0.00 are better**. Depending on your data, it may be impossible to get a very small value for the mean squared error.|

Reviewer 2: Not sure why this was changed? It seems wrong

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12971179/58063758-65538900-7b34-11e9-84e2-126be04b4086.png)

```suggestion
| **Squared-loss** |  [Squared-loss](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mean_squared_error) or *Mean Squared Error (MSE)*, also called or *Mean Squared Deviation (MSD)* tells you how close a regression line is to a set of test data values. It does this by taking the distances from the points to the regression line (these distances are the “errors") and squaring them. The squaring gives more weight to larger differences. | It is always non-negative, and **values closer to 0.00 are better**. Depending on your data, it may be impossible to get a very small value for the mean squared error.|
```

Reviewer 2: Also, unrelated to your PR, this sentence seems to have a grammar issue here

"also called or *Mean Squared Deviation (MSD)* tells you" @JRAlexander
